# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-10-12

Chair: Martin

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives 
* Perform peer review of other project
* Go through comments and discussions in RAD and SDD.

## Reports
No reports.

## Discussion items 
1. Discuss new perlin noise usage design.
1. Questions about Inventory.

## Outcomes and assignments 
1. Create interface INoise (methods sample(x,y) and setseed(seed)), create NoiseFactory with methods for each “pattern”, e.g. “createBigBlobNoise(): INoise”. The TerrainGenerator has multiple INoise instances, from the factory. Seed and thresholds will be moved into the type enums, and the association between INoise and Type will still be a hashmap in the generator. ResourceView will only use textures with color, and set the batch to white. (All factories should throw when it doesn’t recognize type)
1. Structures don’t need two inventories, only one for materials, and a list/hashmap of required materials. 

### Discussion of comments in RAD and SDD
* Add Terrain to the domain model.
* Remove Enemy and Pawn from the domain model.
* Rename Task to Action in domain model.
* When referring to Pawntastic in the documents, use \emph
* Cite Java in documents.
* Add MVC to terms and definitions. 
* Figures in the appendix will not be referenced directly in the text, the appendix itself will.

### Peer Review
The peer review has been performed and a document containing all the feedback has been written. It will be added to the repository.

## Wrap up
* The rest of the comments will be discussed on friday.
* Discuss removing Item Enums and only use Item objects.
* Next meeting on Friday 09:00.
