# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-10-19

Chair: Jacob

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives 
* Add @author credits to source files.
* Create the presentation.
* Write the “Further work” section of the SDD.

## Reports
No reports.

## Discussion items 
1. Go through peer review.
1. Should we create a branch for inserting these author-tags, one which we’ll all commit our own author tags to? If a merge conflict occurs, two people are taking credit for the same file? Tip: use the command git `log --author="Martin" --pretty=tformat: --numstat -- src/main/java/com/thebois/ | gawk '{ add += $1; subs += $2; loc += $1 - $2 } END { printf "added lines: %s removed lines: %s total lines: %s\n", add, subs, loc }' -` to check who has done the most work on a file.
1. Suggestions for what to write about in “Further work”.
1. Remove purposeless code, e.g. Guard role. When? Who?

## Outcomes and assignments 
1. Further discussion points have been added to this meeting based on the feedback.
1. We will create a new branch and everyone will add author tags to the java files they know they have contributed to.
1. Decided topics to write about in “Further work”
  1. ITerrain and IResource should use factories.
  1. The tile architecture can be consolidated from ITerrain, IResource and IStructure to a single type.
  1. Pawns should have to go to role stations to acquire tools for their roles.
  1. Position should be immutable, and not use IDeepClonable.
  1. Pawn subtype is unnecessary and should be removed.
  1. Segregate interface IController into two other interfaces (update and getView).
  1. Remove double-abstractions where there both is an interface and an abstract class. Using factories to instantiate instead of subtypes.
  1. Everything should not run on the UI thread, the model should run in a separate thread.
1. Remove unused roles.

## Wrap up
* The presentation slides will be created on Monday.
* Last meeting on Friday at 09:00.
