# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-09-21

Chair: Jacob

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives 
* Set Story Points
* Assign User Stories

## Reports 
Martin has nearly completed #16 Pawn Role Management and will create a PR today.

Jonathan has made the first draft for the world model UML and reviewed the PRs from Mathias and Jacob. 

Mathias has worked on user story #8 Structures, and will implement feedback from PR.


Jacob has Completed the user story #9 Pawns and created a PR for it.

## Discussion items 
1. Add persistence user story
1. Use Guava library
1. Should we use [Guava EventBus](https://github.com/google/guava/wiki/EventBusExplained)?
1. Should we use [Dagger 2](https://github.com/google/dagger) for dependency injection?
1. Does the arrangement of Views belong in ColonyManagement?
1. Should we include constructors in our class diagrams?
1. Checkstyle for all caps when final (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16252399/how-do-i-add-a-final-variable-to-class-diagram) ? 
1. Structure RAD
1. Package UML should include classes/interfaces outside the package?
1. UML for views and controllers?

## Outcomes and assignments 
1. Two new User stories have been added. 1) letting the player be able to save and load their game. 2) letting the player start a new game, load an old file or quit the game.
1. Guava will mainly be used for an eventbus but can be used for helper methods. Excessive use of Guava will not be tolerated. 
1. Maybe use dagger to refactor the codebase in the future to use dependency injection to make the code more flexible.
1. Arrangement of views and coupling of controllers and models will be refactored out into separate methods.
1. All constructors should be included in the UML class diagram.
1. Exclude final modifier from UML diagram.
1. UML will show external dependencies by showing a package icon and only the name of the dependency class / interface. Names of packages should be fully qualified (com.thebois.utils).
1.Class diagrams for views and controllers will be added to com.thebois.views and com.thebois.controllers following the outward dependency rule described above.

User stories from the Resources Expansion have been assigned story points and four out of five of them have been assigned to group members. One remains unassigned and will be claimed by whomever first completes their assignment.

## Wrap up
* Assign parts of RAD and SDD to the group members at next Tuesday's meeting.
* PRs will be completed until the next meeting.
* Next meeting on Friday 13:15
