# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-10-15

Chair: Jonathan

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives 
* Go through the rest of comments and discussions in RAD and SDD.

## Reports
No reports.

## Discussion items 
1. Should we remove Item Enums and only use Item objects?
1. Should we create a task for going over all constructor-javadocs and abstract class-javadocs to make sure they’re all formulated consistently?
1. Does threshold and seed permutation belong in TerrainType? Does Noise belong in Generator or in TerrainType (same as threshold and seed)?
1. How should Roles handle not being able to perform an Action? Right now a harvester might consider harvesting an unreachable resource, and will then get stuck where they stand (because they can’t move to the destination, see sequence-diagrams).
1. What style of outside-package references should our class diagrams use?
1. When should role stations be implemented?
1. How should a structure calculate how many of its required items have been delivered?
1. How do we draw methods for enums in UML-diagrams?
1. How do we prioritize the current stories and tasks for next week?

## Outcomes and assignments 
1. No, we have uses for enums in model and view.
1. Create a task for it, with low priority. 
1. Ask Pelle. If Pelle doesn’t have a good answer, move it to the enum. 
1. Try using conditions. Pathfinder searches for the closest and easiest way to e.g find a tree and not to find a path to a specific point. If they can't find anything they should act idle.
1. Create a task for updating UML-diagrams to use one style (the latest) (should be low priority). If you touch a package, update the style for that package.
1. We create a new user story that we will implement as soon as possible.
1. Use a map for specification of requirements for buildings. We can then check if all items and their amount is in the inventory.
1. Use dark blue.
1. Ask Pelle.

## Wrap up
* Crunch code.
* Next meeting on Tuesday at 09:00.
