# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-10-08

Chair: Mathias

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives
None.

## Reports
* Worldview refactor and Refactor Colony World have been merged with master.
* Worked on SDD, RAD, User stories and UML-diagrams.

## Discussion items
1. Agree on consistent ways of writing the following in RAD/SDD: classes, paths, directories, packages, figure names, pawntastic, links, figure text, grammatical tense.
1. Should we all proofread the entire documents before turning them in?
1. Are we using the strategy pattern correctly for world generation?
1. Which format of quotation marks should we use?

## Outcomes and assignments
1.
1. Classes: We separate referencing a class in the implementation from a concept in the domain model. E.g. “beings” when writing about them generally, and `IBeing` when writing about how they are implemented. Use \code blocks to refer to class names.
1. Paths: Use \code blocks. Paths are in the format given by IntelliJ when copying from content root. E.g. `\code{src/main/java/com/thebois/models/world/generation/ResourceGenerator.java}`
1. Directories: Use \code blocks. E.g. `\code{tests/}`.
1. Packages: Use \code blocks. E.g. `\code{com.thebois.models}`.
1. Figure names: Referenced using commas, e.g. “Blablabla, see figure n, blablabla.”
1. Pawntastic: Don’t use the old name: “Colony Management”
1. Links: Should be treated as references, not figures, and should not be referenced explicitly, rather implicitly. E.g. “The thing is a thing [10] of the thing” *not* “The thing is thing, see [10]”
1. Figure text: Should be a complete sentence and be able to stand on its own. When the figure is there to add context to the text, the point of the figure should be described in the figure text. Otherwise, just a description of what the figure contains is enough.
   1.grammatical tense: Looking at older documents, they seem to be in present tense, but we will ask the TA to be sure.
1. Yes, we should proofread the entire documents(RAD and SDD) before peer review hand-in deadline (Sunday 2021-10-10 23:59). Change grammatical and spelling errors directly while leaving anything else as a comment. The comments will not be resolved before the deadline.
1. Kind of, we didn’t have the strategy inside of perlinNoiseGenerator and should be moved there. Side note, perlinNoiseGenerator should be renamed to perlinNoise and the sample method to sample.
1. 66 99 “”

## Wrap up
* Continue working on RAD and SSD.
* Continue working on User stories and UML-class diagrams.
* Next meeting on Tuesday 09:00.
