## Analytical tools for the project

To ensure Pawntastic follows good code practices a number of tools have been and is being used in the development of the
project. Each subsection will go over the usage of the tool and how to use/run it.

([Maven](http://maven.apache.org/install.html) is suggested for running these tools for the project.)

### JDepend

The answer to "*What is JDepend?*" found on their [FAQ page](https://www.mojohaus.org/jdepend-maven-plugin/faq.html) describes the
tool perfectly.
> JDepend is a tool that traverses Java class file directories and generates design quality metrics for each Java
> package. JDepend allows you to automatically measure the quality of a design in terms of its extensibility,
> reusability, and maintainability to manage package dependencies effectively.

Use JDepend on Pawntastic by following these steps:

1. Run `mvn jdepend:generate`
2. Open the HTML file generated by maven located in `target/site/jdepend-report.html`.

### PMD

PMD is a tool that performs a code analysis on the source code and generates a report based on the findings. The tools 
can analyze for bad practices and can also run a Copy/Paste Detector.

Use the code analysis by following these steps:
1. Run `mvn pmd:pmd`
2. open the HTML file (located here: `target/site/pmd.html`) to see the report.

Use the CopyPaste Detector by following these steps:
1. Run `mvn pmd:cpd`
2. open the HTML file (located here: `target/site/cpd.html`) to see the report.

### Checkstyle

Checkstyle is a tool used for alerting the developer if any violation of common good practices or code style.
(The same plugin can be installed directly into IntelliJ for faster/easier reporting).

A site with the report of any violation can be generated by following these steps:
1. Run `mvn checkstyle:checkstyle`
2. open the HTML file (located here: `target/site/checkstyle.html`) to see the report.

